you need to wipe down
what's with the jeans hmm
so my hair load so when I was gone you
had a conversation loads your dad who
who you guys didn't talk about how many
chicks he'd bang on a trip yeah but you
did have a conversation with him you
want to set it up yeah sure so I invited
all the pitted skis over my cousin's
shadi and Julie and everybody came to
see the bay because I've been keeping
the baby under wraps mmm you know anyway
they came and my father has been
reminiscing about how much he hated
having a baby like you listed
specifically me yet not just a baby true
true yet just me and and so I thought I
would interview him about this theme
because every time he comes over he like
loves Ellis but he's like God God oh
fuck couldn't pay me to do that shit
again I'm like what do you what was so
bad about about me he's like oh you know
the Kolak you're crying all the time you
hated it he hated it he just hated the
first part of my life but then he loved
being a dad later sure anyway I just
thought I would ask him to busted out
your phone yeah just casual interview
yeah and yeah so this is this is what
we're talking about is the early days of
me my life yeah dad when tell me about
the best part of parenthood tell me when
that started go ahead at 3 months no not
3 months he said well I'm sorry at three
years at me after three years you can
tell the kid to shut the fuck up sit the
fuck down go to sleep
leave me alone let me drink my beer
holy that's Frank cuz I heard a lot of
that as a kid I heard a go play on the
freeway yes of course yeah what's over
there no nothing I turned out amazing
obviously yeah that's what I see tell me
about when I was born you said it was
the the best three months of your life
oh it's bad that was the worst three
months of my whole life
I never forget what what was your
favorite part about being a new parent
not to sleep what do you want oh yeah
wait so our parents not supposed to say
this kind of stuff to their kids like
you guys I mean you look appalled is
that normal I mean it's a joke I know
it's a joke but no it's not normal
oh really no oh cuz I've been hearing
this shut my whole life I just want
everybody how the parents say crazy
stuff like this no really no Wow okay I
mean there's you know there's different
personalities like I I imagine I don't
know like my dad you know he falls in
line with a certain personality type
when it comes to that
he doesn't say stuff like that no cuz
they they're like oh look one of your
yeah
they're there they're kind of like the
overly devoted type right ago there was
nothing better I loved it so much I mean
you heard on that phone calls I did
might change your diapers I loved you
she was all over and care he's that kind
of love yeah it's like the overly I mean
I think there's there's a middle ground
but yeah your dad I mean I don't have to
standard you're not supposed to say that
kind of stuff doc to having you yeah
that's final I mean maybe that's why I
was such high self-esteem yeah you know
probably why I'm Sam comedian hilarious
yeah I'm totally secure correct shut the
fuck up shut the fuck up is amazing yeah
that's pretty man he would tell me all
the time go play on the freeway what'd
he say shut the fuck up no no no there's
a joke but he would tell me I get lost
and go play on the freeway like if you
can see he sounds worse than it is but
like he would be drinking his beers you
don't know me like my dad worked a lot
of years I know that I said how does an
adult it sounds really bad yeah this was
normal for me okay so you know my dad
drink like a 12 hour every night right
that's normal
are you serious right now yeah you think
that's normal well is of like light beer
it wasn't like it's not only highways
any picture something where like why do
I want you to picture something real
quick just look at me I can't now that I
know this is wrong I can't I'm gonna
have a 12 pack tonight right
and then tomorrow under the after right
okay well this is he normal at the time
so I was in light light beard Miller
Lite and the thing is talking about
where augment worry about calories you
know no I think cuz he'd rent is like I
don't fucking know hey you know my dad
was a blue-collar guy I know he was a
hard-working job sound for clip yeah any
working work on in the forklift business
for many years yet his own business but
you know yes you know that twelve or a
night isn't it's a lot right but again I
I have to qualify it with like he woke
up for work at the crack of dawn right
he did this dude work hard fucking core
and was really successful functional
totally high-functioning something I
don't know right so Twelver and then
like yeah I be a little I'll be like
eight or nine I'd be like hey Dad you
want to play go play on the freeway and
then finally I learned if I asked him if
I could have some of his beer like he
put some in a cup for me and then I he
put water in it like I could sit next to
him as he was watching he Utley liked
tennis so he'd be watching his tennis
game with a beer and if I drank some of
it with him I can hang out with him
mm-hmm that's a cool way to bond with
your dad yeah it's weird right
it did you understand what go play on
the freeway meant I laugh he would laugh
and say it here go go play on the
freeway come on gun line and it was a
joke it wasn't angry and I was kind of
like okay like I got the message to fuck
off so I would just go fuck off yeah and
that's the neat thing about being only
this business between like here on your
own years eight nine and ten
yeah more later in the beer game okay
yeah but here's the thing my dad is
drinking though he never really changed
it wasn't like it went from like well
that's what happens when does the
tolerance when you have 12 a night that
kind of happens yeah right
but he never became angry or shitty or
sullen like yeah he was just he was
himself but with 12 beers it's kind of
fucking weird
he's from the old country too you know
yeah they have a higher tolerance effort
well my dad told me during communism
everybody was drunk all day like on
their jobs because there's no reason not
to be sure the fuck were you gonna work
hard for there was nothing ideas I have
a cavity drink this bottle of vodka and
oli well that was a wrench yeah yeah
yeah for sure old country sure anyways
okay so go ahead yeah play the audio
who's here my dad had to say about my
childhood that's what I see tell me
about when I was born you said it was
the the best three months of your life
oh that's bad that was the worst three
months of my whole life I never forget
what was your favorite part I have all
right I'm not losing the tree including
escaping there's a scheme of unasyn
living in an internment camp in Italy
correct the refugee camp yes refugee
camp yeah I know but this is worse
you've been born this was worth of being
a displaced homeless immigrant who
didn't speak a word of English at the
age of 20 escaping from a horrible yeah
oh I couldn't think it up beer did you
drink beer when I was only one because
of you can't no you can't do it when and
I can't go to the store to get the beer
because I always have to take care of
you what what a miserable life but a
good thing that in Canada you could
order beer to the house and they the
beer company we're bringing it off sorry
oh yeah yeah no problem and then so when
dogs are really losing their mind
background
my cousin shadi brought over her
two-year-old huh and the dogs went
bananas just chased this kid and the dog
said that I'm the kid stepped in dog
shed and everything was really fun
really fun okay yeah
drinking beer how old was I when
about to be watchful I'm so glad it was
great effect do you have any parenting
advice for me
oh my Ikeda lease c2z okay so that's my
cousin shadi who doesn't know what the
fuck a and B conversations are and like
she chimes in all the time on everything
like I was on the phone with Ryan
Sickler talking about like sleep
training right cuz Ryan has a wonderful
Stella and they sleep train her and I'm
just curious
learning about it his method his method
is it worked for them and my fuckin
cousin is like listening to my
conversation on speakerphone with Ryan
and she's like commenting like no it
doesn't work no you can't do it until
he's six months old like chiming in I'm
like mom fucker well that's not your
conversation why'd you do that
cuz she's shadi that's what she does she
just butts in your shit like she the
personality is like she just she knows
everything about everything
you're like bro it's not it's not for
you like could you not fucking talk so
okay but anyway so that's shot it I love
you shadi I love you but you know Stan
be electrically Sh yeah with electro so
it shocks the kid and it falls on the
floor sleeves 10-15 minutes it comes
around surely you just balls like my
know those kids on fire
or I put in the stroller because
otherwise this is all christina thought
it was rude of me to buy her a leash
yeah at the airport I was watching this
young kids that just started to walk
David takes one second one second and
the kid is Ted yards away yeah yeah you
gotta have a leash on a short I want to
keep my thanks dad she kept talking
nervous
yes just keep talking that's hilarious
it's so crazy yeah give her have people
in your life that just that no one's
answering
yeah the thing is okay so the leash they
took me to Europe when I was like 2
years old and they put me on a leash
like a harness it's like a leather
harness and there's pictures of me in a
leather harness but you guys couldn't
just hold my hand or something yeah
no put your the leash I don't want to
lose you ok thanks